hey guys welcome to another video today
we're going to do a vault of the
assassin run challenge issued on the
forums to beat it in mp7 killing the all
the elites and vault of the assassin in
under four minutes so as you can see
there my average runtime is four minutes
to 4 30 seconds so unfortunately i am
just above that but this run i got three
minutes 30 seconds but it wasn't it was
a full clear but somehow i only found
five elites so unfortunately I think
this doesn't count because I should have
killed at least three elites like the
original post in the diablo 3 forums so
because i got five kills it still
doesn't count but still one of my
fastest front so whatever i'm going to
upload it anyways just to share my spec
and I guess kind of show you guys what
I'm doing of course i'm using spike trap
because it's basically the best hands
down for higher end piece there's really
nothing better to replace spike traps
but most people actually use bola for
their primary the reason why i use
hungry arrows because i'm using shadow
glide i think it is the shadow power
wound that gives you thirty percent move
speed and the reason why i need hungry
instead of bola is because i take way
more damage without glue and since I
don't have gloom I need to have like an
instant source of life steel and that
instant store the source of life
lifesteal is actually my my hunger arrow
so whenever I need an HP I need to shoot
Hungary arrows because they do damage
instantly
most of the three second molar and I did
try the three second molar and I got
owned a lot so so this is kind of like
if you have better ehb than me bola is
probably the better way to go speaking
of EHB my stats in this video are 72 k
health I have 210 k unbuffed eps with
legacy mats as well as oh yeah 380
resist all i think about 320 no no 320
resist all 380 physical resist so you
need to hover around 400 to do this run
properly or at least like at least 350
and you should be okay especially if you
want to be safe you can just use shadow
power glue I was trying to be the time
record so I kind of had to use shadow
glide instead because otherwise gloom is
a bit it's kind of slow i'm also using
this prep rune the one that gives you 10
extra discs when you use it the reason
why i use this prep room is because i
didn't want to make a recording of me
going through volt with like three
backup plans triggering because it's
kind of cheating and it does depend on
rng but in reality i would i would use
backup plan instead of focused line but
just to remove a little bit of the rng
factor to it I used focused mine so hope
you guys enjoyed this run and see you
guys later